OSSM-8862 Migration Hub page content (#88651)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-migrating-hub-deployment-workloads.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service-mesh-docs-main/migrating/ossm-migrating-from-2-to-3-assembly.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="ossm-migrating-hub-deployment-and-workloads_{context}"]
= Migrating your deployment and workloads

> After you have completed the premigration checklists, you can migrate your workloads and gateways, based on your deployment model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete the premigration checklists, you can migrate your workloads and gateways, based on your deployment model:
```
- Use simple past or simple present tense: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense
